add note about new licenses (#3814)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/room-systems/with-exchange-online.md

6. Click **Save**.

For validation, you should be able to use any Skype for Business client to log in to this account.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you are currently using E1, E3, E4, E5 SKUs with Skype for Business Plan 2 with Audio Conferencing or with Office 365 Phone System and a Calling Plan, these will continue to work. However, you should consider moving to a simpler licensing model described [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/MicrosoftTeams/room-systems/skype-room-systems-v2), after current licenses expire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are currently using E1, E3, E4, E5 SKUs with Skype for Business Plan 2 with Audio Conferencing or with Office 365 Phone System and a Calling Plan, these will continue to work. However, you should consider moving to a simpler licensing model described in [Teams Meeting Room Licensing Update](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/room-systems/skype-room-systems-v2), after current licenses expire.
```

Reviewer 2: @VLG17 - can you commit these edits? I don't have the permissions to do that. Thanks!

Author: @LanaChin done!
